Zhao Wuji is to blame
uncle
I miss your cultivation is not easy, you should go back quickly
Lest it destroy your cultivation
You still dare to become the Dragon King
Hey, isn't it?
I'm really the Dragon King
I saw with my own eyes that the Dragon King took away your Shenlong Jade
You still want to quibble
Not before.
Now it's really
What is this?
Shen Longyun, you see I didn't lie to you, right?
I am now the heir to the Dragon King
Tomorrow I will go to the Dragon King Hall to hold an inheritance ceremony
You are the Dragon King
My husband is not just a rookie dragon king
He also practiced the Dragon God Technique
Even your uncle
Not my husband's opponent
Don't let Miss Ben go
Dragon Kung Fu
Xiuxiu, don't listen to their nonsense
There is no truth in this fool's mouth
Wanjia has been revoked from the agency
He can't be the Dragon King at all
This Dragon God Jade is fake
Xiao Yan, who knows the world?
Lord Dragon King has been cultivating for decades
Only then did he practice the Dragon Technique
Even if you are a rookie dragon king
It is impossible to practice the Dragon God technique overnight
How dare you lie in front of the Emperor?
Xiaojiu, hurry up and kill him
Avenge my grandfather
I'll bet my life that he can't be the Dragon King
Hmph, hmph, if you are really the Dragon King
Just take my palm
Why can't I tell you?
I swear to God, I'm not lying.
Am I possessed?
You have to give me a slap
death or injury
Be careful, your years of cultivation will be in vain
Husband, why do you have to talk so much nonsense with him?
Boy, what a big breath
Senior Demon Exterminator